Siegebreaker Prototype	R	rare	Artifact – Vehicle 	14	R	1R	Trample, hasteNEWLINEWhenever Siegebreaker Prototype attacks, if it has fewer than three test counters on it, put a test counter on it.NEWLINESiegebreaker Prototype has crew X, where X is 4 minus the number of test counters on it.	5/5		normal	X24		1 – ALPHA\nPersistent Smog	B	uncommon	Sorcery	11	B	B	Each player that hasn’t sacrificed a permanent this turn sacrifices a creature.NEWLINEFlashback 2B (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	X24		2 – SMOKE\nDesperate Widow	WB	common	Creature – Human Citizen 	28	WB	1W/B	T, Sacrifice Desperate Widow: Return to the battlefield tapped another target creature card in your graveyard that was put there from the battlefield this turn.	2/2		normal	X24		3 – MIRRORS\nNagging Omen	B	common	Sorcery	10	B	B	Target player draws a card, then draws a card for each card named Nagging Omen in your graveyard. That player loses life equal to the number of cards drawn this way.			normal	X24		4 – DOOM\nDoldrums Sprite	B	rare	Creature – Faerie Warlock 	9	B	1B	FlyingNEWLINEDoldrums Sprite can’t attack or block unless you’ve put a -1/-1 counter on a creature this turn.NEWLINEWhenever Doldrums Sprite deals combat damage to a player, you may move a -1/-1 counter from it onto target creature that player controls.NEWLINEB: Put a -1/-1 counter on Doldrums Sprite.	3/3		normal	X24		5 – GLOOM\nVolatile Coating	BR	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura 	24	BR	BR	FlashNEWLINEEnchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Volatile Coating enters the battlefield, discard a card, then draw two cards.NEWLINEWhen enchanted creature is dealt damage, destroy it.			normal	X24		6 – OIL\nWatering Hole	WG	rare	Enchantment	25	WG	1GW	At the beginning of your end step, put a +1/+1 counter on each tapped creature you control.			normal	X24		7 – WATER\nEccentric Vendor	U	uncommon	Creature – Human Citizen 	7	U	2U	When Eccentric Vendor enters, mill five cards. You may put an artifact card from among them into your hand. If that card has mana value 3 or less, you may put it onto the battlefield instead. If you do, return it to your hand at the beginning of the next end step.	2/2		normal	X24		8 – TRIAL\nEpic Misadventure	R	common	Sorcery	13	R	R	As an additional cost to cost this spell, you may tap an untapped creature you control.NEWLINEEpic Misadventure deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to 3 or the tapped creature’s power, whichever is greater.			normal	X24		9 – ERROR\nAmani, King of the Litter	WG	rare	Legendary Creature – Cat 	18	WG	GW	Whenever a 1/1 creature you control attacks, put two +1/+1 counters on it.	1/1		normal	X24		10 – CAT\nCheesed	WR	rare	Instant	26	WR	R/W	Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.			aftermath	X24		11 – MOUSE\nDecapitate	WB	rare	Instant	27	WB	W/B	Cleave 1WB (If you cast this spell for its cleave cost, remove the words in square brackets.)NEWLINEDestroy target creature [with power greater than the number of lands controlled by its controller].			normal	X24		12 – CUT\nHallowed Heartpiercer		uncommon	Artifact – Equipment 	31	C	3	When Hallowed Heartpiercer enters, attach it to target creature you control.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +3/+1.NEWLINEIf a creature dealt damage by equipped creature would die, exile that creature instead.NEWLINEEquip–Pay 2 or return a card exiled with Hallowed Heartpiercer to its owner’s graveyard.			normal	X24		12 – THRUST\nAvatar of Grief	W	rare	Creature – Incarnation 	1	W	1WW	Vigilance, lifelinkNEWLINEWhenever a creature dealt damage by Avatar of Grief this turn dies, tap Avatar of Grief and put a stun counter on it. (If it would become untapped, remove a stun counter from it instead.)	4/4		normal	X24		16 – ALIVE\nXilotli Spelunker	G	uncommon	Creature – Elf Scout 	17	G	G	Whenever a permanent you control enters tapped, you may untap that permanent. Do this only once each turn.NEWLINEDescend 4 – 1G, T: Return target land card from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped. Activate this ability only if there are four or more permanent cards in your graveyard.	1/2		normal	X24		26 – SEEK\nBlitzcrank, Great Steam Golem		rare	Legendary Artifact Creature – Golem 	30	C	5	Whenever Blitzcrank, Great Steam Golem attacks, choose a nonland card name, then defending player reveals their hand. You may put a permanent card with the chosen name from among those cards onto the battlefield under your control. If you don’t, draw a card.NEWLINE1: Target player may draw a card, then discard two cards. Any player may activate this ability.	3/5		normal	X24		21 – HOOK\nContrition	W	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura 	3	WU	W	Kicker 4U (You may pay an additional 4U as you cast this spell.)NEWLINEEnchant creatureNEWLINEWhen Contrition enters, if it was kicked, gain control of enchanted creature until Contrition leaves the battlefield. Untap that creature.NEWLINEEnchanted creature can’t attack or block unless its controller pays 2.			normal	X24		23 – FORGIVE\nOtherworldly Storyteller	W	common	Creature – Alien 	5	W	2W	Whenever a Human you control enters or dies, you may untap target non-Human creature you control.	2/4		adventure	X24		Earthly Lullaby	W	Instant	W	1W	Create a 1/1 white Human creature token. You gain 2 life. (Then exile this card. You may cast the creature later from exile.)				19 – RHYME\nRun for Your Life	U	common	Instant	8	U	3U	Choose target creature. If you control it, draw two cards. Then put that creature on top of its owner’s library.			normal	X24		14 – QUICK\nRaise Cain	BR	rare	Sorcery	22	BR	3BR	Return up to one target creature card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield, where X is the number of creatures that attacked this turn. It gains haste. Untap all creatures that attacked this turn. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase.			normal	X24		28 – HELL\nClear the Air	G	common	Sorcery	15	G	1G	Choose one –NEWLINE• Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control.NEWLINE• Each creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature with flying.			normal	X24		30 – TUMBLE\nMaw of Journey's End	UG	mythic	Creature – Leviathan 	20	UG	5GU	If this spell would be countered, you may exile it instead. If you do, for the rest of the game, spells you control can’t be countered. NEWLINEVigilance, trampleNEWLINESpells your opponents cast that target Maw of Journey’s End have epic. (They have “For the rest of the game, you can’t cast spells. At the beginning of each of your upkeeps, copy this spell except for its epic ability.”)	9/9		normal	X24		31 – OMEGA\nUncharted Expedition	G	rare	Enchantment	16	G	1G	You may look at the top card of your library.NEWLINE1G: Reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, exile it with two time counters on it.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, for each land card you own in exile with a time counter on it, remove a time counter from it. Then if it has no time counters on it, put it onto the battlefield.			normal	X24		25 – HEAVEN\nDeath's Door	BG	rare	Sorcery	19	BG	1BG	Kicker 2 (You may pay an additional 2 as you cast this spell.)NEWLINEMill three cards. If this spell was kicked, instead search your library for three cards and put them into your graveyard, then shuffle.NEWLINEThen, you may return a card from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Death’s Door.			normal	X24		15 – DEAD\nFamily Bakery	W	rare	Enchantment	4	W	2WW	At the beginning of your end step, if you control three or more creatures, create a Food token. (It’s an artifact with “2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.”)NEWLINE2, Sacrifice a Food: Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped with a finality counter. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	X24		17 – BREAD\nOpening Night	BR	uncommon	Enchantment – Saga 	21	BR	1BR	Exile the top three cards of your library. For as long as those cards remain exiled, you may play them. At the beginning of your next end step, you lose 1 life for card that’s exiled this way.		(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)NEWLINEExile the top two cards of your library. You may play those cards for as long as they remain exiled.NEWLINEOpening Night deals 2 damage to you for each card exiled with it. Put those cards into their owner’s hand.NEWLINE​	saga	X24		18 – CIRCUS \nDiscern	U	uncommon	Instant	6	U	2U	Untap up to three target artifacts and/or lands. Investigate. (Create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)NEWLINE3UU, Exile Discern from your graveyard: Sacrifice an artifact. If you do, draw two cards.			normal	X24		20 – REASON\nRoutine Ransacking	UB	rare	Enchantment – Aura 	23	UB	2UB	Enchant playerNEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, if you cast a spell that targeted enchanted player this turn, exile the top card of that player’s library and create a Treasure token.You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled.			normal	X24		22 – CROOK\nRavaged Recollection	B	common	Sorcery	12	B	2B	Target player discards two cards. If two land cards or two nonland cards were discarded this way, create a 1/1 black Spirit creature token with flying.			normal	X24		24 – FORGET\nCast from Heaven	W	common	Instant	2	W	2W	This spell costs 2 less to cast if it targets a player that committed a crime this turn. (Targeting opponents, anything they control, and/or cards in their graveyards is a crime.)NEWLINETarget player sacrifices an attacking or blocking creature.			normal	X24		27 – HEAVEN\nGentlemen's Club	W	rare	Enchantment – Room 	29	WR	2W	Creatures you control get +1/+1 as long as it’s your turn.			fuse split	X24		Drunkard's Joint	R		WR	1R	When you unlock this door, target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control.				29 – ROUGH